	Bill sat quietly sipping coffee. He sat in a corner booth of a small
diner called Tom's, waiting. As to what he was waiting for, Bill didn't have
the faintest of ideas. He only knew that he was supposed to meet a man called
Bones, though he knew that wasn't his real name. Looking to scrape together
some extra cash to help pay off his mom's medical expenses, a friend pointed
him in the direction of this man who calls himself Bones. Their conversation
was short and sweet. "Meet me at Tom's Diner friday at 6pm. I think it's in
your best interest that you show up. Oh, and come alone" Bones told him. So
Bill sat in his corner booth, nervously sipping coffee. He checked his watch 
and saw it was 10 till 6. 

Bill sat quietly waiting. He waited 10 more minutes until 6, but Bones was
nowhere to be seen. He waited another half an hour until he decided to leave.
Bill walked out to his car, opened the door, got in, and turned his key.
"Don't turn around, Bill," said a voice from behind him, "let's try to act
discrete."
"How did you get in here?" asked Bill, flustered.
"It doesn't matter how I got in here, it just matters that I'm here. Do you
want the job or not?"
"Of course I want it, Bones, what do I need to do?"
"Ok, Bill, this one will be tough, I need you to steal the octo parakeet"


"T-t-the octo parakeet???" Bill stammered.
"You heard me alright" Replied Bones.
Thoughts rushed through Bill's mind and suddenly he was frozen in fear.
This octo parakeet was the most prized possession of the great ruler Karen.
"But Karen!" Bill exclaimed.
"One more word and I'll find somebody else. Do you want the job or not?"
"Yessir." Bill replied sheepishly.
"Good, I expect to have the parakeet by this time tomorrow"

Bones handed him a post-it-note with the letters "6am highschool"
Bill frantically grabbed his keys from his pocket, leaped over the hood of the car and got in the drivers seat
Bill figured he had until 6am to get the parakeet and meet Bones at the high school across the street.
Bill drove 20 miles to the New York Zoo. He climbed over the fence and seached for the bird section.
He wandered around the zoo for 20 minutes before finding a parakeet.
He took a rock and threw it against the window. 
"He will have his damn parakeet..." he muttered under his breath.
Bill burrowed the parakeet in his sweatshirt pocket as the bird shrieked.
He got to the high school at 5:15am and waited. The clock hit 5:30am and the local news station started playing
on his radio. "It appears there has been a break in at the New York Zoo," the reporter claimed.
Bill's palms began to drip of sweat. 5:45am struck the clock and a car pulled into the school parking lot.
He sat behind Bill's car for 10 minutes before coming out the car. It wasn't Bones. It was a cop.

Bill panicked and slammed on the accelerator. The cop jumped back in his car
and began following Bill. Before long, Bill looked in his rear-view mirror
and saw there had to be at least 10 cop cars following him now. He turned on
the highway, trying to outrun the cops. As he was looking back at the cops
following him, he failed to notice the roadblock the police had set up in 
front of him. Bill realized it was too late, as his car crossed the spikes set
up in the road, destroying his tires. The car grinded to a halt. Bill knew
he had been caught. He got out of his car with his hands up as a cop approached
him. Bill turned, and saw that the cop getting ready to arrest him was none
other than Bones. Smiling, he handcuffed Bill, bringing him to prison where
he would spend the rest of his life. Parakeet theft is a more serious crime
than murder in New York, and Bill had been betrayed and caught red-handed.
